doc: define partnership process (#401)
expressjs/discussions: docs/PARTNERSHIP.md

# Express.js Official Partnership Guidelines

## Purpose

This document outlines the process and expectations for companies or organizations seeking to establish a formal partnership or collaboration with the Express.js project. The goal is to ensure productive, transparent, and mutually beneficial relationships that help advance the health and growth of the Express.js ecosystem.

## Scope of Partnership

Partnerships may include but are not limited to:

* Sponsorships (financial or in-kind)
* Engineering support (e.g., contributing maintainers or developers)
* Promotional collaborations (e.g., joint announcements, branding)
* Ecosystem integration (e.g., offering Express-compatible platforms or tooling)
* Security initiatives (e.g., dedicated security audits or coordinated disclosure programs)

## How to Initiate a Partnership

### Step 1: Contact

All partnership requests must be submitted via email to:

> 📧 `a-specific-email@we-want-to.use`

Reviewer: If I remember correctly, there is already an alias for Express in the openjs mailing list.

Include the following in your message:

* Organization name
* Point(s) of contact with email and GitHub profile
* Nature of the proposed partnership
* Any specific expectations or commitments
* Relevant timelines (if applicable)

Alternatively, you may open a private issue via the Express.js GitHub Discussions marked with #partnership-request, and a core maintainer will follow up.

### Step 2: Acknowledgment & Review

* You will receive an acknowledgment within 5 business days.

> * Express core maintainers will review the proposal and may request further information or clarification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Express Technical Committee (TC) will review the proposal and may request further information or clarification.
```

Author: updated! and also the previous mention of "core maintainer"

* Depending on complexity, the review period may take up to 15 business days.

### Step 3: Decision & Agreement

If the partnership is approved, Express.js will provide a simple agreement document outlining:

* Objectives
* Roles & responsibilities
* Duration (if applicable)
* Branding guidelines and limitations
* Code of conduct and open source contribution standards

> Both parties must review and confirm the agreement before the partnership is publicly acknowledged.

Reviewer: In this part, I think we should include the foundation
